Previously on "diggstown".
Oh, I'm getting this.
Avery:
Marcie, I'm sick of this.
Everything is about you
And I'm choking on
your narcissism!
Get out.
Avery:
Iris.
Ezra elvins will toss you
under a bus like that.
Vivian:
Absolutely certain.
I don't wanna be
where I'm not wanted.
Marcie:
She's giving me thirty days
To pay back the eight million
that she invested.
Trudy:
He was supposed to meet
me yesterday morning,
But he never showed.
According to the police,
Mr. Allen was
drinking on the boat.
Ellery:
No water in his lungs,
so he didn't drown.
He died on that boat and
was thrown overboard.
Marcie:
We are gonna find out
Exactly what happened to him.
[thwack]
[groans]
Mike macleod:
Wake your ass up!
[suspenseful music]
♪
What is this?
Mike macleod:
Hope you don't get seasick.
Basil:
I'm not getting
on that boat!
This is what happens when you
don't keep your mouth shut.
Marcie:
What if basil didn't
board that boat?
At some point before he's
loaded onto that boat,
Mike macleod and
his brother johnny,
Who were hired by ned flores,
get into it with basil.
According to the affidavit,
basil overpowered mike macleod.
[body thuds]
[men grunting]
[mike gasping]
It would never
happen like that.
Basil would have never gotten
the best of the macleod boys.
They're vicious.
We don't buy it either.
Those are the facts
that mike macleod used
To get the crown to agree to a
plea to criminal negligence.
Marcie:
Here's what we think
really happened.
Mike and his brother johnny,
they try to intimidate basil,
Get him to keep quiet about
how his brother desmond died.
But then they threaten
him but basil refuses.
Then things escalate.
[grunting]
[loud crack]
Doug:
Then, they put his
body on that boat.
And they toss his body into
the ocean like he was nothing.
Marcie:
He was dead before they
tossed him into the atlantic.
Doug:
But the crown doesn't
have enough evidence
To prove that theory.
Marcie:
But it is civil court,
We don't need to
prove how he died
To make our claim
of wrongful death.
He was under the supervision
of goldenview fields employees
And he died because
of their negligence.
[phone dings]
Department of agriculture.
They're on their way.
Good.
[pensive music]
[indistinct jovial chatter]
Hey, you made it!
Aww, is that for us?
It was, but didn't realize
you had champagne on tap.
Oh, hey brother.
You must be ellery.
I am, you must be walt.
Happy birthday!
Pretty mind-blowing.
Have you met my sister,
kristin?
Hey.
Don't forget to check
out the bouncy castle
Before this big boy gets
in there and destroys it.
Okay, it's not a
birthday party
Unless you break your
nose in the bouncy castle.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, here comes boss,
heads up.
Kristin, do you have visine?
I need visine.
Kristin: No.
-Okay.
Okay. Nice to meet you ellery.
You too.
Brian:
Miss lopez.
Glad that you could make it.
"miss lopez"?
It's ellery.
Of course.
Eller-
Woman:
[laughs] looking good!
Man:
Woo!
Ah, excuse me, I...
Have to take care of this
before my mom freaks
And forgets it's
his birthday.
Walt!
Are you sure this
isn't weird?
Ell, chill.
It's gonna be okay.
[indistinct chatter]
[upbeat background music]
[suspenseful music]
Agent:
Brian clawford,
Agent markham
from agriculture.
We received a complaint
Concerning the treatment
of your workers.
Brian:
Complaint?
Complaint from who?
Agent:
Have a look, sir.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[suspenseful music swells]
Tell your boss that she's
messed with the wrong family!
Get your hands off me.
Brian, brian,
what are you doing?!
Brian!
[suspenseful music swells]
Marcie:
Hey dion, it's marcie diggs.
I'm just calling about
the trudy willis interview
With goldenview.
The raid at the clawfords?
Was that us?
Why wasn't I in the know?
Hey, we weren't trying
to leave you out.
Marcie:
Yeah, we knew it'd
be near impossible
For brian clawford
to avoid service
At his brother's
birthday party.
[phone dings]
you could have
called or texted me.
Doug:
We did but you
didn't pick up.
Where were you anyway?
It's my contact at the
department of agriculture.
He's saying investigation into
the complaint is completed.
They searched the bunkhouses
and they're up to code,
So the clawfords and
goldenview fields are cleared.
We need iris on this.
She's out sick.
Doug:
Still?
It's been over a week.
Something's not right.
Agriculture never
works this fast.
[mysterious music]
Doug:
That's my nmi's recipe.
It's the best thing
when you're sick.
I'm grateful but I'm
not that kind of sick.
What you went
through with cliff,
That'd be hard
on anyone.
Yeah, um...
I'm getting through.
Well, if you need
anything, I'm...
I'm busy like hell
with work and wedding,
But I'm here for you.
How's marcie?
Back to her old self.
I really hope you can
make it to the wedding.
You deserve good things,
iris.
Marcie:
I know that our
initial agreement
Didn't include a
payment plan but-
I don't do layaway,
marcie.
Firm's been making all
those giant contingency fees
On those settlements-
Settlements
reduced on appeal-
Look, you were
very clear
That our arrangement
wasn't working for you.
[softly] I don't have
eight million dollars.
[softly] seems like
a "you" problem.
Waitress:
Are you ready to order?
We'll start with a bottle
of the antinori tignanello,
Some carpaccio and
bread for the table.
Waitress:
Coming right up.
Vivian:
Seriously though,
I'm sure your
winning track record
Will attract
some suitors.
In fact,
you know ezra.
Well, well, well!
Hi marcie.
Vivian:
I understand ezra's been a
long time fan of your work.
I've always
admired how marcie
Will do anything
for the win.
[chuckles]
[suspenseful music]
She needs to know howard
is doing shady things
Behind her back.
Emily told us they have
their arrangement.
Hmm.
Let it be, austin.
Emily:
Mom, dad!
Ah!
Emily:
What's up?
Oh, this is robin.
Ah.
-Ah.
They double booked the hall.
Didn't we already
give them a deposit?
They said there's
an emergency
council meeting.
We'll talk to melanie.
She took over as chief after
your father, didn't she?
Her voicemail says she's
still out of the country.
Is this a sign?
I mean, what do we
need a wedding for?
We're good, right?
Chell, our wedding
is gonna be
The celebration
that you deserve,
Even if we have to have it
in a quick-stop parking lot.
Okay?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, sorry to interrupt.
We've been asked to go
to the clawford estate
For a settlement
conference.
Michelle:
Isn't it a three
hour drive to pei?
Oh, we won't be driving.
[swanky music]
Ellery:
This is a flex!
Hey, make sure you send me
a draft of that argument
So I can take a look at it.
I'll see you at the
publication ban at four.
[swanky music swells]
♪
Brian:
My sister likes to cosplay
as one of the people.
Kristin:
I don't ask the
workers to do anything
I'm not willing
to do myself.
Marcie:
You know how to
operate a combine?
In my sleep.
And live fifteen
to a bunkhouse
Earning minimum wage
And doing back
breaking work?
You're clever.
Brian:
What my sister is
trying to say, badly,
Is that we care
for our workers.
Tragic accidents like
what happened to basil-
It wasn't an accident.
One of your employees
killed basil.
He confessed.
Flame:
We're prepared to offer
a large settlement
Of $75,000 to ms. Willis.
Well, any offer needs to
include the implementation
Of new safety measures,
In line with
the guidelines
Set by the migrant
workers association.
Otherwise there's
really no deal here.
Kristin:
We understand that the
work that we do here
Is physically taxing
And yes, dangerous.
Hell, I almost lost a
hand the other day.
We run a good
operation here.
Doug:
But two brothers who
are your employees
Died under your care.
Where's the
accountability?
I think what my siblings
are trying to say
Is that this was truly
an honest tragedy.
We wanna pay restitution
for any small part
We may have played.
Brian:
And our offer reflects
what we believe
Our degree of
culpability to be.
Hmm.
Brian:
If you take it
to your client,
I'm sure she'll
find it suitable.
It is a lot of money.
Marcie:
You're offering $75,000
for a man's life?
All of his hopes and his
aspirations, $75,000.
Wow.
You know, by my estimate,
goldenview's ability
To access the government's
temporary workers program,
That results in at least
sixty million dollars
To your bottom line.
I don't know where you're
getting your numbers from.
My point, brian,
Is if you're banned
from the program,
Then you're screwed.
[suspenseful music]
I think we're done here.
You're making a big mistake.
Not as costly as the
one you're making.
[tense dramatic music]
♪
Ng]
Well, it's not exactly
fin du monde,
But they make a pretty
decent craft beer here.
You sure you don't want one?
No, I've got court in
a couple of hours.
Goldenview?
Yeah.
They're trying to...
Do a complete publication
ban surrounding our case.
Ah, well.
Okay, we better get to it.
Um, professional
misconduct hearing is
More a nuisance
than anything
But reputationally
it can get ugly.
We're gonna go in there
and make our case-
But reg, am I gonna
get disbarred?
No, I mean, they'll
make you take a course,
Pay a fine.
But it depends on what their
investigators come up with
And who else comes
outta the woodwork.
This bloody judge.
You know, dewey's
only going after me
Because she wants to
get back at colleen.
She's a petty,
petty person.
Speaking of petty people.
How's viv?
Marcie:
Ugh.
Well she's frozen
our line of credit
And she's planning on selling
her stake of the firm
To ezra elvins.
[reg laughs]
Well, you gotta
hand it to her.
She knows how to
wield a knife!
Yeah.
You got a plan?
Find eight million dollars.
Look, I-I know it's gonna
sound funny coming from me
But maybe you should take
another crack at viv.
Appeal to the side
of ms. Jefferson
That made her back ya
in the first place.
[phone vibrates]
Trudy, what's up?
Jean just called me.
Basil's mom.
What did she say?
Trudy:
She said cruz called her,
told her about the lawsuit.
Said I was trying to make
money off of basil's death.
Okay, trudy, I need
you to calm down.
She's on her way here, marcie.
She's gonna help them
stop our lawsuit.
Did she tell you what
flight she'd be on?
Okay.
What's going on?
[marcie sighs]
Just running a play.
[phone keys clacking]
I was looking forward to
introducing you to my parents.
Marcie doesn't
know about us.
Whatever "us" is.
And everything
is escalating
And you and I have
already crossed a line.
Tell me about it.
No, this isn't funny,
this is not good.
I don't care.
I'm not my family.
Your brother lays a
hand on me again,
I'm gonna kick the
shit out of him.
I'll buy tickets to that.
Andrea, when our
civil case is over,
We're gonna hand all of
our evidence to the crown.
Your brother is looking
at some serious charges.
Conspiracy to commit murder,
accessory after the fact.
Stop, stop.
You're trying to put
my brother in jail?
If it's warranted.
We'll never let
you do that.
[soft background music]
Melanie?
I'll see you.
Doug:
Melanie, I thought you
were out of the country.
Plans changed.
Oh, great, so you're
coming to the wedding.
I don't know about all that.
We all caught the original.
No one wants a remake.
We want this, mel.
It's embarrassing for
the community, doug.
I've been married, divorced,
Remarried, divorced
again in twenty years,
And still people
whisper and snicker
Every time my name comes up
with yours and michelle's.
It's not a good look.
So that's the cause of
this "emergency meeting"?
Melanie:
The community is tired of
dealing with our trauma.
I have to go.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Well, now that we're
all reacquainted,
To the airport.
Ah, ma'am, I've been instructed
to drive you back to halifax.
Well we were told that
we were taking the jet.
The jet's no
longer available.
We're never gonna make the
publication ban hearing.
They screwed us.
[tense dramatic music]
Marcie:
Ellery,
What happened in there?
They granted the clawford's
request for a publication ban-
The judge spouted
some garbage
About goldenview's
fortunes being tied
To the provincial economy.
Well that reasoning
won't stand.
Dion:
Already filed the appeal.
We'll catch up for the
interview with trudy
After this mess is done.
[sighs]
All there ever is
is junk anyway.
Well it's about time
you had that junk
Redirected to
your new address.
You didn't get that
done up for bible study.
Who's the lucky man?
It's none of your business.
You going out to
dinner with emily?
Of course I am.
It doesn't bother you?
The way she's living?
What about the
way she's living?
Seems like everybody
knows where they stand.
Everything's out in the open.
But it's really none
of your business.
What about the kids?
What are they learning
about commitment?
[scoffs] don't go there, austin.
I see emily making the
same mistakes I made.
I just want better for her.
But she's not making
your mistakes.
There's no lying,
no hiding.
They trust each other.
Emily and howard,
All the cards are
on the table.
Million ways to
make an apple pie.
May not be your way
but it's still good.
Marcie:
How can you say she
has no standing?!
They were as good
as common-law!
But they weren't.
They weren't living together,
they weren't getting married.
What harm is she suffering
because of mr. Allen's death?
They weren't living
together because basil
Had to stay at the
goldenview bunkhouses.
There are plenty
of married couples
Who don't even
live together.
What it comes down
to is companionship,
Emotional support
and love.
Enough!
I'm open to taking a less
restrictive definition
Of standing in
wrongful death cases.
If I see that
she has grounds,
Then I will permit this
case to go to trial.
[soft dramatic music]
Thought we concluded
our business, marcie.
Ezra elvins is
not a solution.
Solves my problem.
I'm sorry about how
you left the office-
Vivian:
An apology?
You must be desperate.
Can't we just find a way to
move beyond this together?
Vivian:
You were my pay forward.
Then you turned around
and treated my generosity
Like it was a
rock in your shoe.
Acting like I was a bother.
Pain in the ass.
Look, I'm extremely grateful-
You were the opposite.
Now you need me
to be reasonable,
To be fair,
to be a sista'.
You don't deserve me.
[suspenseful music]
Percy, thank you for picking
up jean from the airport.
Well, she needed
some convincing.
You know, that was
A pretty smooth limo the
clawfords sent for her.
Let's get her to the office.
Hold on, marcie.
[pensive music]
No, no, no, no,
don't do this.
You and these
clawford people,
You're having a
street fight.
Jean allen is a
grieving mother,
Not some pawn.
Someone needs to
be in her corner,
Give her cover.
And that's going to be me.
Percy, do not do this.
Oh, we gotta do what we do,
You know that.
I'll catch you later.
[tense dramatic music]
Once basil got
his citizenship,
We were gonna open
a restaurant.
Now I spend most days
explaining to my boys
Why basil's not
coming back.
Sounds like basil played a,
A special role in
your sons' lives.
He was the father
they needed.
Were you married?
Trudy:
We looked at it.
But legally,
I'm already married.
My ex and I,
we just,
We couldn't afford a divorce.
Marcie:
What was your impression
of his workplace?
He was unhappy about
the working conditions.
How untrained people were
operating heavy machinery.
The conditions of
the living quarters.
They once had an
infestation of bed bugs
So bad they had to
torch the bunkhouse.
Marcie:
And to your knowledge,
did he do anything about it?
Trudy:
Not at first.
He was afraid if he said
anything he'd get sent home.
But after his little
brother desmond died
While working on the farm,
Basil believed goldenview,
The clawfords
were responsible.
And now he's dead.
Killed by one of
their people.
Thank you.
Ms. Willis, let's talk
about this restaurant
That you and the deceased
intended to open.
Did you have a location?
No.
Did you have a real estate
agent looking for a location?
No.
Isn't it true that your plans
to open this restaurant
With the late mr. Allen
began and ended
With a google search?
We were just
starting the process
Before your clients
had him killed.
Your honour...
Just answer the questions,
ms. Willis.
Flame:
Ms. Willis, please
read the first page
Of defence exhibit 22.
"liz, I wanna
get married too.
"if I'm lucky,
maybe it can be with you."
Flame:
Who's the liz that basil's
addressing in this message?
No idea.
'cause he was
cheating on you?
No, he wasn't!
Flame:
He was never gonna marry you,
was he?
He was never gonna open
a restaurant with you.
This lawsuit is just
about the money, isn't it?
Objection! Argumentative!
Mr. Macdonald,
Do you know what it's like
to spend your whole life
Never expecting
anyone to see you?
[stammers] who gets your mess?
I found that with basil.
We found that.
Isn't someone responsible
for taking that from me?
From my boys?
Shouldn't someone
have to pay?
[pensive music]
Flame:
I'm done, your honour.
Cruz:
Basil blamed the
clawfords for the death
Of his little brother,
desmond.
We were good
friends until then.
What changed?
Cruz:
He was going to complain
to the government.
Ellery:
Yes, basil allen did
intend to go public
With the working
conditions on the farm.
In fact, 48 hours
before he died,
The two of you argued.
You fought about this.
He was going to ruin
it for everybody.
I know desmond's death was
just a tragic accident.
But basil wouldn't shut up.
He wouldn't leave it alone.
And after your fight,
Basil allen was put on a
truck for parts unknown
Where he was then killed
by michael macleod.
Do you know mr. Macleod?
He was, um, he was
one of ned's guys.
By "one of ned's guys"
you mean ned flores,
The grounds manager
Of goldenview's
nova scotia operation?
Yes.
Thank you.
Oh, one more question.
Do you still work for
goldenview fields?
I am the clawford's personal
groundskeeper in pei.
[pensive music]
So you get a promotion
And your friend gets
tossed into the atlantic.
[suspenseful music]
♪
Um...
Can we help you?
Cruz:
Mrs. Allen,
Your sons
desmond and basil,
They were good men.
Basil, he...He truly
cared for family.
He would often
speak about you-
[sharp slap]
[pained grunt]
[tense dramatic music]
[soft sobbing]
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Darcy:
Shouldn't be
surprised to find you
With your head
buried in work.
Do you ever take a break?
Well, you of all
people know that I do.
Everything all right?
Darcy:
I'm not sure I should go to your
friend's wedding with you.
Oh! Oh, okay.
Darcy:
Listen, I'm the
youngest chief justice
Of any provincial
supreme court in this country.
I've worked my guts
out for this, I just...
How would it look if we
were together at a wedding?
It would look like two
colleagues getting together-
No, it wouldn't.
I am interested but this
feels a little too fast.
You're right.
I don't wanna hide.
We're not teenagers.
I'm into you.
I'll go to the
wedding single.
I thought you'd understand.
[pensive music]
[colleen sighs]
Thanks for coming,
I know that you're busy.
Michelle's not
taking my calls.
Figured we should talk.
I wanna make this right.
For you and for chell.
I love your sister and
I want her to be happy
And I know the
way to do that
Is to let her have the
wedding she'd been planning.
That's what you
said last time.
Look how your "love"
worked out for us.
I love michelle.
You've gotta trust that.
Do I?
Doug I knew was in love
every five minutes.
We're not the same kids
addicted to drama anymore.
Look at who we've
all grown into, mel.
There is so much guilt in
the choices that we've made.
And I'm over it.
I'm done with people trying to
make me feel ashamed of it.
You're the chief,
And you still let people force
you into living your shame.
We're family.
We hold each other.
I'll talk to the elders.
I want you both
to be happy too.
[knock on door]
[background reggae music]
Hey!
-Hey, em!
Red okay?
Well, long as it's wet.
Thanks, daddy.
How you doing austin?
I'm good, howard.
Robin:
Hey, mr. Diggs.
Hey, robin.
Em, where's your mother at?
She'll be here soon.
Robin:
Can I get you
something to drink?
We got keith's.
Sure.
Can someone give
me a hand?! Woo!
Emily:
Mom, I told you to just
buy something simple.
You know I can't stand no
soggy ass store bought pie.
It's just apple
and apple rhubarb.
Don't make a fuss.
Don't make a fuss?
Velma.
Come here.
Thanks.
Get in here.
Ooh, uh-uh!
Ooh, not with those hands.
You didn't think to
wear gloves for that?
For meatballs?
Are you serious?
Get in here.
-Ooh, ah, ah!
Howard, you better tell her,
howard.
I don't play.
Oh, you should listen.
That's it.
Don't make a mistake, emily.
Oh!
[splash]
[robin gasps]
[laughing]
Emily:
That was a warning shot!
[laughing]
Emily:
What?!
Oh.
[howard chuckles]
You are crazy.
-Gotcha.
You're crazy.
Emily:
You know you like it!
[laughing]
Howard:
I told you you should listen.
[laughing]
What are we doing, velma?
Me, I'm going home.
You...
I'm not a mind reader.
I see emily in there
Living with her
ex-husband and
Having her girlfriend over
and there was all that joy.
She figured out a way
to be true to herself.
It's not for everyone
but it works for her.
We were together for over
thirty years and most of that-
No "were" austin.
You and me.
We're always
gonna be family.
But I'm not going
back to what was.
So...
That's it then?
[gentle music]
♪
That...
That there is confusing.
Well...
How about we take a lesson
from our first born?
[gentle music]
♪
Let's get them to take
us off the mailing list.
And do you want me to call
the credit card company
About these charges?
I got you the five.
No one should have to go
through what you experienced,
Mrs. Allen.
To not only lose one son,
but two sons it's-
It's unimaginable.
But someone is responsible
for their deaths.
You heard diaz'
testimony about your sons.
The clawfords exploit
their migrant workers
And something has
to change before
Another family experiences
the same devastation.
My sons were here,
Working to support
their families.
Who is going to take
care of us now?
You?
And I understand that.
The clawfords
offered you money.
Don't you see there's so
much more on the line here?
Tell that to my
hungry grandkids.
I'm only asking you
to testify that basil
Was committed to trudy,
That he had a,
a life with her.
I don't want your sons
deaths to be for nothing.
[pensive music]
[jean sighs]
[marcie sighs]
Before I make my ruling,
Is there any additional
evidence to present?
Due to a lack of standing,
I have no choice but
to dismiss this case.
They-they can't do this.
[softy] they can't.
I'm so sorry, trudy.
[tense dramatic music]
It's okay.
♪
Marcie, come on.
Look, just can you
gimme a second please?
What are you doing here?
Look, I just
didn't want things
To be awkward between
us at the wedding.
Why? You're afraid
"the narcissist"
Will come out and make
it all about her?
I deserve that,
I get it.
Yeah.
Yes, you did.
I miss you, okay?
I know we said some rough
things to each other,
But if there's a way
we can make this work,
I'm willing to do that.
Don't, just...
Don't.
Marcie, there's a
lot of good here.
Between us.
[phone vibrates]
See you at the wedding.
Hello.
Audra:
Hey marcie,
it's audra alward.
Oh, hey, audra.
Audra:
I'm wondering if it's possible
we could meet this afternoon?
Actually, you know what?
I'm just on my way to
a friend's wedding.
Audra:
Marcie, it's important.
We might have a solution to
your ezra elvins problem.
Of course.
No secrets in this town.
Ah, when?
Okay, thirty minutes
is great.
Okay.
What are you doing here?
You invited me to your
friend's wedding.
We're just gonna pretend
Like the last
seventy-two hours didn't happen?
We have one fight and what,
now it's over?
Is that how you run
a relationship?
You're not hearing me.
I can't do this right now!
[pensive music]
As you wish.
Car [door slams]
[car engine starts]
My man, tell me about
it when I get back.
Michelle:
Thank you [chuckles].
Keep him in line.
Michelle:
Oh, I will.
Trust me.
[gentle background vocals]
Hi!
Oh!
This is a nice touch.
I thought you
hated weddings.
Yeah, I do.
I've had two of my own,
remember?
How can I not?
You remind me every time I
bring up your moving to pei.
[sighs] you sure you
really want me there?
Hey!
-Hi.
Good to see you.
Hi.
I am so happy for you guys.
I'm so glad you came.
♪ as the sun sinks low ♪
Hi!
-Hi!
Nice to see you.
-Great to see you.
♪ and the stars
sing ooh now ♪
Audra:
M&m would absorb your
firm and along with it
We'll assume any
outstanding debt,
Including the debt owed
to vivian jefferson.
Everything will
remain as is
Except you'd be part of m&m.
Why?
Audra:
The partners are
liking what they see.
And over $61 million in awards
for your clients in 18 months.
Twenty-five percent of
that is fifteen million.
Right, but a lot of that
was reduced on appeal.
Just come home to m&m, marcie!
Goliath versus goliath.
To hell with this
"david" business.
Be real with me.
Am I being gamed?
I'm not sure why you
would think that.
M&m represents goldenview,
correct?
And lester larocque works
out of your pei office.
Right, but that
doesn't have anything-
Marcie:
If my firm becomes
a part of m&m,
We'd be conflicted off
the migrant worker case
Against the clawfords.
[tense dramatic music]
Well, sheesh, eight million.
I guess I should
be flattered.
Respectfully, audra,
I'm gonna decline the offer.
[tense dramatic music]
♪ [singing in mi'kmaq] ♪
♪
Don't mess this up again.
Officiant:
In an old ceremony involving
the sun and the moon
Witnessed by the
natural elements
With the rising of
the sun to the east,
The water to the south,
Mother earth to the west,
And the winds
from the north,
We come together
to celebrate
The union between
michelle and doug.
Just breathe, baby.
We're here.
♪ [singing in mi'kmaq] ♪
[camera shutter snaps]
[chuckling]
Ooh!
Date cancelled.
I didn't wanna change.
Yeah, right?
Her loss.
Thanks, dad. I love you.
Hey.
Oh, hey.
[doorbell rings]
Want me to get it?
Ah, no. I've got it.
Our boy is too happy.
Brian:
I'm surprised but happy
you stopped by, ms. Diggs.
Regina:
Well, you look like a
woman who means business.
But we're not doing that
tonight are we brian?
No, mom. We're not.
Brian:
I let you in so you would
see that we're not monsters.
Just a family.
Marcie:
I made a promise
to trudy willis
That I am not going to
stop coming after you
Until basil allen's
death is avenged.
And that is a promise
that I intend to keep.
[scoffs]
You like being a nuisance,
don't you?
I don't mind that.
Once you become a problem,
That, I don't like.
And if you've been paying
attention, ms. Diggs,
You notice that I'm a
great problem solver.
Gosh, you and your family,
they, um...
You're so used to everything
going your way, aren't ya?
This time you will not win.
[tense dramatic music]
♪
Colleen:
Well, I didn't wanna
disrespect doug
But I can't get through a
wedding without a few drinks.
Ellery:
Me too.
Colleen, I have to tell you
This whole thing with martin
about you recusing yourself,
It's total bs.
[colleen grunts]
Yes, it is something.
Ah, where's your date?
I mean, you're gorgeous,
you're smart,
And I hope I look half as
good as you when I'm your age.
Not that you're old,
you know,
I've dated older women.
Why won't my mouth stop
talking right now?
[laughs]
Oh, it's complicated.
What about yours?
Ugh, don't ask.
Why can't dating
just be like normal?
Ah, trust me,
Doesn't get any easier.
Great.
Cheers.
-Cheers.
Hi.
Um, can I get you
started with a drink?
Hey, you think you
got a extra order
Of fish and chips left?
Um, I could check
with the kitchen.
If you do, there's a
$200,000 tip there for ya.
Sorry, I'm...
I'm not following.
Two hundred thousand dollars.
The only string is this will
be your last shift at tammy's.
You, your family,
You pack up and
you leave halifax
And you act like you never
heard the clawford name before.
And since I'm so generous,
I'll throw in an extra
$50,000 there for you.
For housing.
Lord knows it's just
not cheap nowadays.
[suspenseful music]
♪
Haddock or halibut?
Surprise me.
Well, we did it.
The wedding went off
without a hitch.
[chuckles]
And here you
were so nervous.
Oh.
[doug chuckles]
You've been a really
good friend to me.
But I think I need to see how
this works out with marcie.
Yeah, I get it.
♪ but it never quite
fills the void
♪ thought that we
were two for good ♪
[sighs] I'm sorry.
♪ but love is never
like it should
♪ I can arrange
meeting a stranger
♪ forget you a day
♪ but I can't imagine
what even happens
♪ beyond the pain
♪ see the sun leading us
♪ I'll forever surrender
♪ I don't wanna live ♪
Oh my gosh.
Marcie what the?
♪ I don't wanna live ♪
Marcie, what the
hell are you doing?!!
What's wrong with you?!
Marcie, this is not
even what it looks like.
Marcie:
Oh no?
No!
Did you hit it?
♪ I'm tired of good
boys sleepin' on my ♪
You're fired!
♪ you wanna rip my heart
out, baby, be my guest
♪ I hope you hear this
song and reminisce ♪
Hey, are you-
♪ 'cause without me your whole
life is baby meaningless
♪ see the sun leading us
♪ to the land of the lost
and the reasonless
♪ hear the drum beating us
♪ I forever surrender,
the rest is meaningless
♪ meaningless ♪
To love.
♪ I don't wanna live ♪
♪ a meaningless ♪